Hey Guys, welcome back to our movie recap
channel. Today we will be watching the movie
“Gerald’s Game”. Please turn the subtitles
on and spoilers ahead.
At the start of the movie, we see a woman
packing her clothes into a bag. Then, a man
can be seen doing the same, but he also packs
a handcuff in his bag. They are Gerald and
Jessie, a married couple who are going out
for a vacation. Their relationship hasn’t
been the strongest in recent years, So Gerald
had this trip planned to possibly save the
marriage and spice up their sex life.
On their way, they get stopped by a dog which
is eating a dead mouse. Jessie feels bad for
the starving dog. Gerald honks at the dog,
which steps aside and they move on.
They reach their vacation house, which is
very far from the city. Jessie seems happy
to see the beautiful place. After opening
the fridge, Jessie cuts a few slices of meat
and takes it outside. She starts calling for
the dog that they had encountered earlier.
Meanwhile, Gerald takes a blue pill, or we
can say a viagra, as he has something planned.
Soon, the stray dog appears and Jessie takes
the meat closer to him. But, Gerald comes
out, and the dog gets scared and runs away.
Gerald takes Jessie inside the house and they
don’t even bother to close the door.
Jessie gets ready in her new night dress and
starts to pose seductively. Gerald then comes
out with the handcuffs in his hands. Jessie
seems excited by his idea. Gerald cuffs Jessie’s
hands to the bed, and takes one more pill.
They start to get intimate, and Gerald suggests
that Jessie can shout if she wants, cause
no one will hear them. He says that Jessie
should yell “Help”. This seems to be a
fantasy of Gerald’s and Jessie plays along.
She calls out for Help. Gerald starts to get
rough with her, which quickly turns off Jessie.
She says that she’s not comfortable with
what Gerald was asking from her. But Gerald
doesn’t listen to her, which makes Jessie
mad. She shouts at him and tells him to uncuff
her hands.
After this, the couple get into an argument.
Gerald says that he wants to bring some change
to their relationship and to save them from
growing apart. But, Jessie is sad to find
out that he had such fantasies. She asks Gerald
to let her out of the handcuffs. But, Gerald
denies to do so. He comes close to Jessie,
and gets bitten by her. Once again, they get
into an argument. Gerald starts to feel something
in his shoulder. Something is definitely wrong,
and Jessie sees it too. Gerald starts getting
a heart attack due to the two pills he took
earlier. Jessie thinks he is joking with her,
but Gerald’s condition gets worse and he
falls on Jessie’s body.
Jessie uses her legs to get Gerald off of
her body. But Gerald’s body falls out of
the bed. Jessie calls out to him, but gets
no response. She tries to get the cuffs off
from her hands, but she is helpless. She tells
Gerald that she will let him do anything,
hoping that this all is a joke. But, she notices
the blood flowing on the floor, and realizes
that this wasn’t a joke after all.
She yells out “Help”, for real this time.
But no one is there to listen to her. They
were miles away from any home in the area.
Hours pass by, but Jessie is still cuffed
to the bed. She hears something outside the
window. She calls out hoping that there is
a person. But, it is the stray dog that Jessie
was trying to feed earlier. The dog gets closer
to Gerald’s body, and Jessie tries to scare
it away. But, the dog bites a chunk of meat
from Gerald’s hand and starts eating it.
Jessie can do nothing but cry. All of a sudden,
Gerald gets up. Jessie finally seems relieved,
but she notices that Gerald’s body was still
lying on the ground. Gerald was actually dead,
and the one that was standing in front of
her was nothing but her hallucination.
In her hallucination, Gerald starts to talk
about their failing marriage, and his problems
with not getting excited in their relationship.
Jessie doesn’t know what to make out of
all this. Gerald reminds Jessie that since
his death, Jessie had wasted 5 hours doing
nothing. He even calls her stupid. Gerald
reminds her that her life support system was
running out. She was getting dehydrated, and
her energy level was falling down. The staff
were told not to disturb them for a whole
week, so no one was going to save her. If
she doesn't do anything to save her life,
she will soon die.
Jessie tries harder to get her wrist out of
the cuff, and she succeeds. She breaks the
bed handle and completely gets herself free.
She steps forward and breathes a sigh of relief.
But, it was her hallucination again. She is
still cuffed to the bed.
The imaginary Jessie tries to motivate the
real one by saying that she cannot give up
on her life. The sun was already down and
Jessie looks at her phone. If she manages
to get her phone, she can call for help. Jessie
tries to reach to the phone, but she cannot.
The imaginary Jessie tells her to remain alive
until she can get help. Gerald asks her how
long she can survive without drinking water.
The imaginary Jessie and Gerald both remind
her of the glass of water that was above her
bed. Jessie tries to get to the water. She
lifts the one end of the bed top, and lifts
it to slide the glass towards her other hand.
She successfully manages to grab the glass,
but her hand doesn't reach her mouth. The
imaginary Jessie tells her to put the glass
back where it was. She does the exact same.
Then, Gerald asks her about the night dress
she had brought with her. It was a brand new
night dress, and the tag that came with it
was above the bed. Jessie takes the tag and
rolls it to make a straw. She successfully
manages to put it in her mouth. She grabs
the drink back, and finally manages to drink
the water. Her imaginary self tells her to
save some water for later. Meanwhile, the
dog was still feasting on Gerald’s flesh.
With all that Jessie had gone through, she
gets tired and falls asleep. Soon, a noise
is heard in the house, which scares the dog
away. Jessie notices a tall figure in the
corner of the room. The figure comes closer
to Jessie, and it is a really scary being,
that’s not a human at all. It shows Jessie
a bag full of human bones and some jewellery.
Jessie tells herself that it was nothing but
her hallucination. She closes her eyes, but
Gerald tells her that it was there to take
her. It was her death. Jessie replies that
it was just her hallucination, and not her
death. But Gerald asks her, if that was not
her death, then why did the dog run away.
Jessie opens her eyes, and Gerald starts calling
her a mouse, which triggers her into thinking
about her past.
12 years ago, Jessie is out with her family
to spend their vacation. Jessie doesn’t
want to ride the boat, so her father stays
to keep her company. But everyone else rides
the boat. Jessie was planning to watch the
solar eclipse that day. Her father says that
when she was a child, she used to sit on his
lap. He also calls her by the nickname “Mouse”.
Jessis says that she still is a child, and
sits on her father’s lap. But, her father
starts to molest her.
Jessie wakes up from her sleep. And her whole
body is in pain, due to the irregular circulation
of blood in her body, She starts to scream
in pain. After a few minutes of screaming,
She grabs the water and starts drinking it.
Imaginary Gerald asks her why she didn’t
tell him about her father. Jessie had told
no one about what happened with her father.
Imaginary Jessie tells her that she married
a man just like her father. Jessie starts
crying, and Gerald reminds her about the tall
figure she had seen last night. He shows her
the footprint on the floor. He tells her that
the tall figure was real, and that it will
come again tonight.
In the past, Jessie’s father comes to her
and apologizes. He says that they should tell
everything to her mother, and starts crying.
At the end, however, he manipulates Jessie
into not telling anyone about that incident.
And Jessie also promises that she will not
tell anyone.
At present time, the stray dog is still taking
bites off Gerald’s body. Gerald asks Jessie
what will happen to her after she dies. He
tells her that when people find their body,
they won’t know how they died. He again
reminds her of the tall figure, and says that
it will visit her tonight as well.
In the past, after their family trip, Jessie’s
father touches the pregnant womb of her mother.
Seeing this, Jessie breaks a glass in her
hands. Her father tapes her injured hand.
And at present, Jessie wakes up and plans
to cut her hand to get out of the handcuffs.
Imaginary Jessie tells her that whatever she
is planning to do, she has to hurry, as she
was dehydrating.
She grabs the glass and breaks it. With the
broken piece of glass, Jessie cuts her wrist.
She knew that the blood was slippery. She
uses the blood and finally gets her hand out
of the handcuff. She grabs the key of the
handcuff and frees herself completely. She
starts drinking water, and covers her injured
wrist with bandages. She takes the car key,
but faints because she has no energy left.
When she wakes up, she finds that the dog
had eaten chunks out of Gerald’s face.
Suddenly, the dog runs away. She sees the
tall figure and steps forward. She gives her
wedding ring to the dark figure, possibly
to bargain for her life. She then starts the
car and sees imaginary Gerald waving at her.
Due to lack of energy and stress, Jessie cannot
keep control of the car. She hits the car
onto a tree, but manages to survive the hit.
She sees a house near where her accident took
place. She sees two people with torch lights,
She honks the car to get their attention.
She walks out of the car, and is finally saved.
6 months after this incident, Jessie writes
a letter to her younger self. Her hand was
still in pain from the cut, but she could
write.
Jessie was interrogated about the incident
that took place that day. But she doesn’t
tell the truth, and says that she remembers
nothing.
It gets proven that Gerald’s death was due
to a heart attack. So, Jessie gets lots of
money from the life insurance of Gerald. And
with that money, she opens a foundation to
help young girls who were victims of abuse.
But every night in her sleep, she sees the
tall dark figure in her room. The police also
never found Jessie’s ring inside the house.
One day when reading the newspaper, she finds
out that the police had captured a man named
Raymond Andrew. Andrew was convicted of stealing
jewellery from the graveyards. Andrew was
also captured because he used to cut and eat
the body parts of dead humans. He suffered
from a rare disease which gave him the appearance
that he had. Jessie figures out that what
she saw that night wasn’t her hallucination,
but a reality.
Jessie goes to the court hearing of Raymond
Andrew and sees him in day light. Seeing Jessie,
Andrew breaks the ties from his hands. Jessie
isn’t afraid of him, she steps close to
him and sees her father and Gerald in him.
They were all monsters.
She cracks a smile and says that he was smaller
than she thought. Jessie was finally free
of the trauma she suffered as a child and
from when she was trapped in the house.
Thanks for watching the video. If you enjoyed
the video, please give it a like. And make
sure to subscribe to the channel, to never
miss out on any videos.